1. What is the purpose of the HTML <DOCTYPE> declaration?
It used to describe to the web browser what type of content it is to display and how 
to render it.

2. Explain the difference between <div> and <span> tags.
Div tags are block level elements whilst span tags are inline elements.

3. What is semantic HTML, and why is it important?
Semantic HTMl gives structure and meaning to an html document by using specific tags that makes it easy to
organize the content on the page. It makes it easy for assistive devices and web crawlers to understand a webpage 
making it good for SEO and page ranking. Such tags are articles, header, footer etc.

CSS Fundamentals
4. Describe the difference between margin and padding.
Margin is the space around the border of an element. The padding is the space btween the content of an element
the border.

5. What is the box model in CSS?
It specifies that each element on a web page is rectangular box that contains the margin, padding, borger and the 
content of the element itself.

6. Explain the CSS specificity hierarchy.
It is a way css styles are given precedence or priority depending on the type of style element it is. The inline style 
is given the most priority followed by ids, then classes and pseudo classes etc.

Responsive Design
7. What is a media query, and how is it used in responsive design?
It is a css technique used to apply styles to different devices based on their screen sizes. It is used to build web
pages and applications that resize to fit any screen size without looking funny.

8. Discuss the differences between adaptive and responsive design.
Responsive design is fluid and changes dynamically to fit the screen of the user based on the device. Adaptive
design is static.

9. Explain the concept of a viewport in web development.
Viewport is the screen that is visible to the user and displays content. It varies depending on the device
 used.

HTML5 and CSS3 Features
10. List and briefly explain three new features introduced in HTML5.
Canvas for rendering 2D shapes.
Semantic Elements like <article>, <header>, and <footer> provide better document structure.
video and audio that allow media files to be added in html.

11. What are CSS variables, and how do they differ from traditional variables in
programming languages?
CSS variables are used to store styles for reuse like color and unlike traditional variables in programming
that can store data types and be manipulated.

12. Discuss the advantages of using Flexbox or Grid layout in CSS.
Flexbox is helps align items that are one dimensional on a web page to display resonsively. Grid layout helps
lay content of two-dimensions on a webpage to display responsively on different screen sizes.